My Birthday is on 17 May 
I share my birthday with following personalities:

1956 Sugar Ray Leonard
1946 Udo Lindenberg
1936 Dennis Hopper
1866 Erik Satie
1836 Wilhelm Steinitz


The following events occured on my birthday:

1.	On this day in 1954, lawyer Thurgood Marshall scored a landmark victory as the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously ruled in  Brown  v. Board of Education of Topeka  that racial segregation in public schools was unconstitutional. Read our list of 10 milestones in U.S. civil rights history

2.	Massachusetts became the first U.S. state to legalize same-sex marriage as it began issuing marriage licenses to gay couples. Sort fact from fiction in our quiz about U.S. statesEncyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

3.	U.S. President Bill Clinton signed Megan's Law, which required that law-enforcement officials notify local schools, day-care centres, and residents of the presence of registered sex offenders in their communities.Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

4.	The first televised sporting event in the United States—a collegiate baseball game between Princeton and Columbia—aired on NBC. Take our sports quiz© 2006 Index Open

5.	Swedish operatic soprano Birgit Nilsson, who was celebrated as a Wagnerian interpreter and known for her powerful, rich voice, was born in Västra Karup. Test your knowledge of operaSteve Wood—Hulton Archive/Getty Images

6.	L. Frank Baum's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was first published, and it became a classic of children's literature; the 1939 film adaption is among the most beloved movies in American cinema. Take our quiz about children's authors© Everett Historical/Shutterstock.com

7.	The first Kentucky Derby was run at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky, and the winning horse was Aristides. Test your knowledge of famous horsesFrom Famous Horses of America published by Porter and Coates, 1877

8.	French composer Erik Satie, whose spare, unconventional, often witty style exerted a major influence on 20th-century music, was born in Honfleur. How much do you know about music composers?Artepics/Alamy

9.	Meeting on what is now Wall Street in New York City, 24 businessmen took the initial steps to forming the New York Stock Exchange.Library of Congress, Washington, D.C.

10.	Italian artist Sandro Botticelli, one of the greatest painters of the Florentine Renaissance, died. Take our quiz about Renaissance artistsGallleria Degli Uffizi, Florence, Italy/SuperStock

